README.md, before:

### Hi there, I'm Lewis! (aka Azurethi)

## Developer, Physics student (MPhys) & Tutor.

### Projects of interest
- [**ISAN**](https://github.com/Collective-SB/ISAN): A Multilateration solution written in YOLOL for the Starbase game.
- [**Ardunode**](https://github.com/Azurethi/Ardunode): A Node module for rapid-setup packet based serial comms with embedded devices.
- [**Unix-Clock**](https://github.com/Azurethi/Unix-clock): UNIX Timestamp clock hardware & firmware solution using arduino.
- [**Snasm**](https://github.com/Azurethi/Snasm): The build up to the classic Snake game written in x86 assembly [WIP]

---
Add me on discord as **Azurethi#0789** or find me on the **[STEM server](https://discord.com/invite/KRZwxzg)**.

---
### Organisations

<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/67026819" width="30px"> [**STEM discord**](https://github.com/STEM-Network)
- A networking community for STEM students & professionals alike.

<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/69118550" width="30px"> [**Programming Community**](https://github.com/Programming-Community)
- An open group of developers looking to improve eachothers skills & experience through collab projects.

<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/65873848" width="30px"> [**Collective R&D**](https://github.com/Collective-SB)
- The Reseach & Development branch of *the COLLECTIVE*, a technocratic starbase faction.

<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/63423528?s=200&v=4" width="30px"> [**CYLON**](https://github.com/CylonSB)
- A reasearch organisation focused on the intricacies of Starbases' in-game programming language "YOLOL"

---

<img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Azurethi&show_icons=true&count_private=true&hide=stars">
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Azurethi&layout=compact">

---
### Languages, Tools & Environments:

<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />


<img align="left" alt="C++" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/cpp/cpp.png" />
<img align="left" alt="C" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/c/c.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="C++" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/es6/es6.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Java" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/java/java.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/lua/lua.png" />



<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />


<img align="left" alt="Android" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/android/android.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Linux" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/linux/linux.png" />

<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Express.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/express/express.png" />

<img align="left" alt="Minecraft" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/minecraft/minecraft.png" />


<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />

<img align="left" alt="Matlab" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/matlab/matlab.png" />
<img align="left" alt="LaTeX" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/latex/latex.png" />

<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />


<!--

![ReadMe Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=azurethi&repo=unix-clock&theme=great-gatsby)

**Azurethi/Azurethi** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update profile README
- Added Minecraft C projects (MCB & ALTROUTER
- Updated Assembly version of SNASM

README.md, after:

### Hi there, I'm Lewis! (aka Azurethi)

## Developer, Physics student (MPhys) & Tutor.

### Projects of interest
- [**ISAN**](https://github.com/Collective-SB/ISAN): A Multilateration solution written in YOLOL for the Starbase game.
- [**Ardunode**](https://github.com/Azurethi/Ardunode): A Node module for rapid-setup packet based serial comms with embedded devices.
- [**Unix-Clock**](https://github.com/Azurethi/Unix-clock): UNIX Timestamp clock hardware & firmware solution using arduino.
- [**Snasm**](https://github.com/Azurethi/Snasm): The build up to the classic Snake game written in ~~x86~~ ARMv6 assembly [WIP]
- **MCB**: A Minecraft bot for simple automation (Mining & Crafting) written in C <sup>1</sup> 
- **ALTROUTER 2**: An account switching proxy for Minecraft, also written in C <sup>1</sup>     [_LATEST PROJECT_]

<sup>1</sup><sub>These projects are currently private, viewable on request.</sub>

---
Add me on discord as **Azurethi#0789** or find me on the **[STEM server](https://discord.com/invite/KRZwxzg)**.

---
### Organisations

<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/67026819" width="30px"> [**STEM discord**](https://github.com/STEM-Network)
- A networking community for STEM students & professionals alike.

<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/69118550" width="30px"> [**Programming Community**](https://github.com/Programming-Community)
- An open group of developers looking to improve eachothers skills & experience through collab projects.

<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/65873848" width="30px"> [**Collective R&D**](https://github.com/Collective-SB)
- The Reseach & Development branch of *the COLLECTIVE*, a technocratic starbase faction.

<img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/63423528?s=200&v=4" width="30px"> [**CYLON**](https://github.com/CylonSB)
- A reasearch organisation focused on the intricacies of Starbases' in-game programming language "YOLOL"

---

<img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Azurethi&show_icons=true&count_private=true&hide=stars">
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Azurethi&layout=compact">

---
### Languages, Tools & Environments:

<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />


<img align="left" alt="C++" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/cpp/cpp.png" />
<img align="left" alt="C" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/c/c.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="C++" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/es6/es6.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Java" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/java/java.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/lua/lua.png" />



<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />


<img align="left" alt="Android" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/android/android.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Linux" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/linux/linux.png" />

<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Express.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/express/express.png" />

<img align="left" alt="Minecraft" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/minecraft/minecraft.png" />


<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />

<img align="left" alt="Matlab" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/matlab/matlab.png" />
<img align="left" alt="LaTeX" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/latex/latex.png" />

<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />


<!--

![ReadMe Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=azurethi&repo=unix-clock&theme=great-gatsby)

**Azurethi/Azurethi** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
